Documentation/working_hours_bookkeeping.md, before:

# working hours bookkeeping

| date | time | did what |
| :----:|:-----| :-----|
| 29.9. | 1    | requirement specification |
| 5.10. | 1    | requirement specification |
| 19.10. | 1    | requirement specification |
| 24.10. | 1    | architecture documentation |
| 20.11. | 2    | requirement specs, architecture documentation |
| 21.11. | 2    | reading how to put client and server in asingle repository for CI/CD purposes |
| 22.11. | 3    | setting up server |
| 22.11. | 1,5    | adding test for user creation |
| 23.11. | 6,5    | adding CI/CD template to github, troubleshooting test failure in CI/CD, fixed test failure |
| 24.11. | 6    | troubleshooted heroku, separated server and client repos, reading about monorepos vs. separate repos etc. |
| 29.11. | 5,5    | login form to front, added avatar icon to the front, made test for Login component |
| 1.12. | 9    | create new user button to front, added lessonlist component and access to it, added data to db and rendered to front with redux, heroku config vars, designing add new lesson form |
| yht   | 39,5   | |

Commit message:

added attributes to lesson schema and rendered them

Documentation/working_hours_bookkeeping.md, after:

# working hours bookkeeping

| date | time | did what |
| :----:|:-----| :-----|
| 29.9. | 1    | requirement specification |
| 5.10. | 1    | requirement specification |
| 19.10. | 1    | requirement specification |
| 24.10. | 1    | architecture documentation |
| 20.11. | 2    | requirement specs, architecture documentation |
| 21.11. | 2    | reading how to put client and server in asingle repository for CI/CD purposes |
| 22.11. | 3    | setting up server |
| 22.11. | 1,5    | adding test for user creation |
| 23.11. | 6,5    | adding CI/CD template to github, troubleshooting test failure in CI/CD, fixed test failure |
| 24.11. | 6    | troubleshooted heroku, separated server and client repos, reading about monorepos vs. separate repos etc. |
| 29.11. | 5,5    | login form to front, added avatar icon to the front, made test for Login component |
| 1.12. | 9    | create new user button to front, added lessonlist component and access to it, added data to db and rendered to front with redux, heroku config vars, designing add new lesson form |
| 2.12. | 1    | added attributes to lesson schema and rendered them |
| yht   | 40,5   | |
